A new "Start here" page, update javadoc hrefs, misc other changes (#338)
jspecify/jspecify: docs/src/pages/about.md

## Who are we?

Our current members are

| Organization                                  | Projects                                     |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [EISOP Team](https://github.com/eisop)        | [EISOP](https://eisop.uwaterloo.ca)          |

> | [Google](https://google.com)                  | [Android](https://www.android.com>), [Error Prone](https://errorprone.info), [Guava](https://github.com/google/guava) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Google](https://google.com)                  | [Android](https://www.android.com), [Error Prone](https://errorprone.info), [Guava](https://github.com/google/guava) |
```

| [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/)       | [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/), [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) |
| [Meta](https://about.facebook.com)            | [Infer](https://www.fbinfer.com)             |
| [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com)              | [OpenJDK](https://openjdk.java.net)          |
| [PMD Team](https://pmd.github.io/)            | [PMD](https://pmd.github.io/)                |
| [SonarSource](https://www.sonarsource.com/)   | [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/)      |
| [SpotBugs Team](https://github.com/spotbugs/) | [SpotBugs](http://spotbugs.rtfd.io/)         |
| [Square](https://squareup.com)                | (various)                                    |
| [Uber](https://uber.com)                      | [NullAway](https://github.com/uber/NullAway) |
| [VMware](https://www.vmware.com/)             | [Spring](https://tanzu.vmware.com/spring-app-framework) |

## What are we trying to do?

[Start Here](start-here)

## What is our governance?

> Google is leading the project, by consent of the members, who hold us to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google is leading the project, by consent of the member organizations, who hold us to our
```
